README.md, before:

# Approximate Integration
Command line tool that computes the approximate integral of arbitrary functions over N-dimensional convex polytopes, using the [VolEsti](https://github.com/GeomScale/volesti) C++ library.

## Building
```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```
This will create an executable file named `bin/volesti_integrate`. 

## Usage
```
❯ bin/volesti_integrate --help
Usage: ./volesti_integrate [-h] [--volume VAR] [--walk VAR] [--N VAR] [--wlength VAR] polytope_file integrand_file error

Approximate integration of functions over polytopes

Positional arguments:
  polytope_file         The file containing the polytope to integrate over in .hrep format 
  integrand_file        The file containing the function to integrate in exprtk format 
  error                 The relative error tolerated 

Optional arguments:
  -h, --help            shows help message and exits 
  -v, --version         prints version information and exits 
  --volume              The method used to compute the volume. The available methods are:
        CB      Cooling Balls
        CG      Cooling Gaussians
        SOB     Sequence Of Balls [default: "CB"]
  --walk                The type of random walk to sample points. The available types are:
        Ba      Ball Walk
        RDHR    Random Direction Hit and Run
        CDHR    Coordinate Direction Hit and Run
        Bi      Billiard Walk
        ABi     Accelerated Billiard Walk [default: "ABi"]
  --N                   The number of points used to estimate the integral [default: 1000]
  --wlength             The length of the random walk to sample random points. If 0, a default value is set to: 
        ABi     max(10, d^2)
        Bi      max(10, d^2)
        Ba      max(10, d^2.5)
        CDHR    max(10, d^3)
        RDHR    max(10, d^3)
where d is the number of dimensions of the polytope [default: 0]
```

## Running Examples
Examples can be runned with:
```
bin/volesti_integrate examples/example-gaussian/polytope.hrep examples/example-gaussian/gaussian.expr 0.001 
```

Commit message:

Add option to set the random seed

README.md, after:

# Approximate Integration
Command line tool that computes the approximate integral of arbitrary functions over N-dimensional convex polytopes, using the [VolEsti](https://github.com/GeomScale/volesti) C++ library.

## Building
```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```
This will create an executable file named `bin/volesti_integrate`. 

## Usage
```
❯ bin/volesti_integrate --help
Usage: ./volesti_integrate [-h] [--volume VAR] [--walk VAR] [--wlength VAR] [--seed VAR] [--N VAR] polytope_file integrand_file error

Approximate integration of functions over polytopes

Positional arguments:
  polytope_file         The file containing the polytope to integrate over in .hrep format 
  integrand_file        The file containing the function to integrate in exprtk format 
  error                 The relative error tolerated 

Optional arguments:
  -h, --help            shows help message and exits 
  -v, --version         prints version information and exits 
  --volume              The method used to compute the volume. The available methods are:
                                CB      Cooling Balls
                                CG      Cooling Gaussians
                                SOB     Sequence Of Balls [default: "CB"]
  --walk                The type of random walk to sample points. The available types are:
                                Ba      Ball Walk
                                RDHR    Random Direction Hit and Run
                                CDHR    Coordinate Direction Hit and Run
                                Bi      Billiard Walk
                                ABi     Accelerated Billiard Walk [default: "CDHR"]
  --wlength             The length of the random walk to sample random points. Default value is set to: 
                                ABi     max(10, d^2)
                                Bi      max(10, d^2)
                                Ba      max(10, d^2.5)
                                CDHR    max(10, d^3)
                                RDHR    max(10, d^3)
where d is the number of dimensions of the polytope 
  --seed                The seed used to initialize the random number generator 
  --N                   The number of points used to estimate the integral [default: 1000]
```

## Running Examples
Examples can be runned with:
```
bin/volesti_integrate examples/example-gaussian/polytope.hrep examples/example-gaussian/gaussian.expr 0.001 
```
